# StoryTime
**Latest Version:** 0.8.0

## 1) Introduction
The StoryTime application makes use of Python's `openai` module in order to generate exciting text-based adventures for the user to navigate through as well as images relating to the events in the story. Elements of the story are generated in accordance to selected themes (`theme1` and `theme2`) through the `text-davinci-003` API. All of the images are generated via the `dall-e 2` API architecture.

The goal of this project was to use generative AI to enterain and engage the user. Do note that the arbitrary and unrefined state of generative AI at this point in time does mean that some outputs can be undesireable: either inaccurate or inappropriate to the selected themes. However, even though generative AI is in its infancy, I have optimised prompts to generate the best results.

I have chosen to build an interpreter for the stories using Python and then store the story in a separate text-files instead of hard-coding the story within Python. This allows ease of editing the story as well as allowing for expansion to a future idea of mine: having the whole story generated by `text-davinci-003` to make the story's structure not set and add replayability.

## 2) Getting Started
**STEP 1:** To use StoryTime, first make sure you have an internet connection. If not, you will encounter the following error as StoryTime attempts to access OpenAI's `dall-e 2` API:

```python
openai.error.APIConnectionError: Error communicating with OpenAI: HTTPSConnectionPool(host='api.openai.com', port=443): Max retries exceeded with url: /v1/engines/text-davinci-003/completions
```
**STEP 2:** Download the latest version of Python using [the link here](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.11.5/python-3.11.5-amd64.exe).

**STEP 3:** Download the latest version of StoryTime and move the files onto your desktop. Download the folder using [the link here](https://download-directory.github.io/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fjnshah014%2FStoryTime%2Ftree%2Fmain%2Fversions%2Fversion-0.8.0).

**STEP 5:** Access `openai_api/openai_key.txt` in StoryTime and paste in your own OpenAI API Key.
N.B. Any image or text generation you use will be billed to the key's owner. You are the owner of your OpenAI API Key.

**STEP 4:** Go to the Windows terminal and type in the following command, where `<path>` is the location of the StoryTime folder:
```terminal
cd <path>
```

**STEP 5:** Proceed to input the following command which will run StoryTime:
```terminal
Python main.py
``
